docs: recommend webp over avif (#75966)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-pages/03-api-reference/01-components/image-legacy.mdx

}
```

> You can enable AVIF support, which will fallback to PNG if the browser [does not support AVIF](https://caniuse.com/avif):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable AVIF support, which will fallback to the original format of the src image if the browser [does not support AVIF](https://caniuse.com/avif):
```
